[Music]
[Applause]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Greetings to all esteemed Buddhist followers. Happy New Year 2023!
We wish you
and your families good
health, joy,
diligence, and happiness in 2023.
Dear esteemed Buddhist followers, regarding the concerns of
Buddhists about celebrating Christmas, the
birth of Jesus Christ, we
often wonder how to celebrate this holiday.
In this world,
birthdays, for example, our parents' birthdays,
are celebrated because they gave
us life.
We celebrate our siblings' birthdays
because they were born on that day,
brought us a
happy childhood, and helped each other throughout life. The same goes for
friends' birthdays. Therefore, when
we celebrate someone's birthday,
we usually feel joy because that person
appeared in our lives and brought
us happiness.  It brings us
joy and happiness,
sharing joys and sorrows, and teaching
us. That's why we rejoice on
someone's birthday. Because of the
meaning of a birthday,
Buddhist disciples
have many concerns about
how, on Christmas Day, the
birth of Jesus Christ, the founder
of Catholicism, we Buddhists can be
joyful and integrate with
everyone. Therefore, I, the Mind-Illuminating Enlightenment,
would like to share with you, dear fellow practitioners, some
sources from the internet about December 25th.
Early Christians did
not celebrate Christmas for the
first three centuries. It wasn't until the
fourth century that Christians
began celebrating Christmas once a year,
fearing discovery and persecution by the Roman authorities. Therefore,
Christians relied on the fact that the
Romans celebrated the
sun god annually,
believing that the sun god brought light to
the world, on
December 25th.  It has become the day to celebrate the birth of
Jesus Christ. The reason
for December 25th is that we
see that December 25th is not
actually the birthday of Jesus Christ, the
founder of Catholicism.
It was a day the
Romans celebrated as the feast day of
their sun god. However, due to
circumstances, it became the
birthday of Jesus Christ, as we
see people in the Catholic faith celebrating. So, as
Buddhist disciples,
we can also
erect this Christmas tree to connect with
the world. This Christmas tree is a
symbol of joy for us, allowing us to
create a cheerful atmosphere
in our families to welcome the new year,
right? Because
December 25th is close to
New Year's Day, we
can decorate and in our hearts,
we can start with the idea of ​​decorating,
going out, and having fun to welcome the
upcoming new year. And for all of
that...  If our friends are
Catholic, we can send them birthday
wishes, wishing them much joy on
their patron saint's birthday. By sending these wishes at
once,
we can still integrate. We can also
wish them much joy and happiness on
their patron saint's Christmas,
and hope they attain enlightenment soon. That's very good, is
n't it? As Buddhist disciples,
we must attain enlightenment, enlightenment about the principle of cause and effect.
We have studied Buddhist
teachings and know that
our five aggregates (form, feeling, perception, volition, and consciousness) are composed of five things.
This consciousness is a
very subtle form of awareness, and it is a part of what
makes us who we are. If we are enlightened and
not deluded, we
become enlightened beings and
Buddhas. Therefore, when we practice, we often
practice within our consciousness, meaning
we must recognize and change it. For example,
we
must learn knowledge to discern what
is wrong view.  Where is the correct view? That is,
we change our understanding of the five aggregates.
Then we must learn about cause and effect, karma and dependent origination,
so that we can adjust
our minds towards the external world,
so that we are not affected by sadness, joy, longing, anger, hatred, love, and
attachment.
This practice is called the Four Foundations of Mindfulness. The part is that when we interact with external circumstances, we must ensure our minds are not attached to them. These external circumstances are called material phenomena (form and dharmas). Every disciple of Buddha is aware of this, so we must be
very careful when we
like unwholesome things and wrong views. If
we like unwholesome things
and wrong views, we become
a different kind of being, and it has
different karmic consequences. In the cycle of rebirth, it is
difficult to escape if we
have the perception that is
unwholesome and wrong, and we
like and act according to that perception.
We will forever be trapped in the cycle of rebirth. No matter
how much good we do, we will
only be reborn in the heavenly realms and cannot
escape.  Reincarnation exists, but
Buddhist disciples see reincarnation as suffering,
even in the heavenly realms. Heaven is a place of great happiness and
joy, but let's
consider this: we have
days of joy, and when those joyful days
fade, we suffer. The suffering lies
within that very joy.
Therefore, as Buddhist disciples, we must be
very careful to speak and
think correctly
about the law of cause and effect.
We cannot simply listen to and rejoice
in what we hear if it
is unwholesome or a wrong view. We are enlightened about cause and effect; happiness and suffering are
created by ourselves through
unwholesome thoughts, unwholesome words, and
unwholesome actions.
Therefore, we do not accept
any view of divine power, that someone
outside of ourselves has the power to bestow blessings upon us, or that someone else has the power to inflict misfortune
upon us. For example, in a
previous life or at the beginning of this life,
we may have done unwholesome things, such as fraud or
drug trafficking.  It is painful for
everyone that we must suffer the consequences of our actions at the end of our lives,
or in the
next life. It is
impossible for someone who engages in evil deeds to be blessed and spared from
the consequences of their actions. It is also
impossible for someone to inflict misfortune upon us, even if
we do good deeds, to prevent
us from experiencing them. Everything that happens to
us depends on the cause and effect of our
past lives, or the beginning of our lives, and our present lives.
Nothing exists
outside the principle of cause and effect. Therefore,
if we see, hear, or hear
things that give rise to wrong views, or if we
see, hear, or hear things that cause wrong views,
our consciousness will change, and we will become a
different kind of being—a deluded and
suffering being. As enlightened disciples of the Buddha,
we must carefully consider
our words and actions in all
aspects of our social interactions.
Therefore, whether you are at home or in your shop, you should...
Let's decorate a Christmas tree with a "Happy
New Year" sign. On this tree, we
can put a sign like this: "
Happy New Year."
We can hang
many greeting cards on the tree, and when
people come to buy something at the store,
we can give each person a
card. For example, "2023 Wishing
the whole family peace and happiness,"
and each person who comes to buy something gets
a card. Everyone will be very happy, right? Everyone will be very happy.
And here's another greeting: "
May your blessings last for a thousand years, may your tree bear abundant blessings and branches
bloom forever. Wishing you
and your family a new year with a bright and cheerful spirit,
abundant health, increasing blessings,
peace and happiness in the light of the Buddhas
of the Ten Directions."
Many people who come to your
store will be very
happy to receive such beautiful wishes.
Or
we can use Buddhist teachings in the greeting cards, which is also
very kind and compassionate: "May your mind be enlightened, may
you live skillfully, avoid worldly suffering, and not live a virtuous life."  According to the
saying, "Those who avoid evil will enjoy happiness in
this life and the next,"
or this blessing,
like a solid rock unshaken by any wind, so too,
amidst praise and criticism, the wise remain
unmoved. This saying
makes people
ponder for days after reading it. This saying is
very good, it directs people to
explore the mind and understand the intellect. If
I give this saying to
everyone, they will also increase their
wisdom, and I will also receive
the blessing of turning their minds
to understand wisdom and the
mind.
There are many other sayings as well.
For example, let's take another saying: "Hurry to
do good,
restrain your mind from doing evil.
Those who are slow to do good and
prefer evil."
This saying makes people
reconsider their actions, think about whether they are
truly doing good.
And for those who are
eager to
learn and understand, they will think and
control themselves, they will give up
other things to make it easier for them
to do this. Dear fellow practitioners, please share your thoughts.  So,
our Happy New Year pine tree
truly brings
us good things when we bring
goodness to everyone, bringing
enlightenment to everyone.
Therefore, all of us
Buddhists can prepare
a Happy New Year pine tree, just
like the Catholic Church also celebrates the Sun God as the
birthday of Jesus Christ, right? So, let's
make December 25th
a day to prepare for the
New Year in a very joyful way.
I wish all of you, dear fellow practitioners,
more opportunities to
help yourselves create good
karma, so that you may be happier
in 2023 and help
everyone attain
enlightenment. Greetings to all fellow practitioners.
[music]